[world]
author=_The Widelands Development Team
name=_Desert
descr=_"This is the wide and sandy country of the bedouins"

[immovable types]
bush1=_Bush
bush4=_Bush
bush5=_Bush
cactus1=_Cactus
cactus2=_Cactus
cactus3=_Cactus
cactus4=_Cactus
deadtree1=_Dead Tree
deadtree2=_Dead Tree
deadtree3=_Dead Tree
deadtree4=_Dead Tree
grass1=_Grass
grass2=_Grass
grass3=_Grass
mushroom1=_Mushroom
mushroom2=_Mushroom
pebble1=_Pebble
pebble2=_Pebble
pebble3=_Pebble
pebble4=_Pebble
pebble5=_Pebble
pebble6=_Pebble
ruin1=_ruins
ruin2=_ruins
ruin3=_ruins
ruin4=_ruins
ruin5=_ruins
skeleton1=_Skeleton
skeleton2=_Skeleton
skeleton3=_Skeleton
skeleton4=_Shell
sstones1=_Standing Stones
sstones2=_Standing Stones
sstones3=_Standing Stones
sstones4=_Standing Stones
sstones5=_Standing Stones
sstones6=_Standing Stones
sstones7=_Standing Stones
stones1=_Stones
stones2=_Stones
stones3=_Stones
stones4=_Stones
stones5=_Stones
stones6=_Stones
tree1=_Palm
tree1_m=_Palm medium
tree1_s=_Palm small
tree1_t=_Palm tiny
tree2=_Palm
tree2_m=_Palm medium
tree2_s=_Palm small
tree2_t=_Palm tiny
tree3=_Palm
tree3_m=_Palm medium
tree3_s=_Palm small
tree3_t=_Palm tiny
tree4=_Palm
tree4_m=_Palm medium
tree4_s=_Palm small
tree4_t=_Palm tiny
tree5=_Palm
tree5_m=_Palm medium
tree5_s=_Palm small
tree5_t=_Palm tiny
tree6=_Beech
tree6_m=_Beech medium
tree6_s=_Beech small
tree6_t=_Beech tiny
tree7=_Larch
tree7_m=_Larch medium
tree7_s=_Larch small
tree7_t=_Larch tiny
tree8=_Rowan
tree8_m=_Rowan medium
tree8_s=_Rowan small
tree8_t=_Rowan tiny

[critter bob types]
bunny=_Bunny
deer=_Deer
duck=_Duck
fox=_Fox
sheep=_Sheep
