[world]
author=_The Widelands Development Team
name=_Winterland
descr=_"These are the white, wide and frosty winterlands, in which the Northmen dwell."

[immovable types]
bush1=_Bush
bush2=_Bush
bush3=_Bush
bush4=_Bush
bush5=_Bush
deadtree1=_Dead Tree
deadtree2=_Dead Tree
deadtree3=_Dead Tree
deadtree4=_Dead Tree
grass1=_Grass
grass2=_Grass
grass3=_Grass
mushroom1=_Mushroom
mushroom2=_Mushroom
pebble1=_Pebble
pebble2=_Pebble
pebble3=_Pebble
pebble4=_Pebble
pebble5=_Pebble
pebble6=_Pebble
skeleton1=_Skeleton
skeleton2=_Skeleton
skeleton3=_Skeleton
snowman=_Snowman
sstones1=_Standing Stones
sstones2=_Standing Stones
sstones3=_Standing Stones
sstones4=_Standing Stones
sstones5=_Standing Stones
sstones6=_Standing Stones
sstones7=_Standing Stones
stones1=_Stones
stones2=_Stones
stones3=_Stones
stones4=_Stones
stones5=_Stones
stones6=_Stones
track=_Track
tree1=_Aspen
tree1_m=_Aspen medium
tree1_s=_Aspen small
tree1_t=_Aspen tiny
tree2=_Oak
tree2_m=_Oak medium
tree2_s=_Oak small
tree2_t=_Oak tiny
tree3=_Spruce
tree3_m=_Spruce medium
tree3_s=_Spruce small
tree3_t=_Spruce tiny
tree4=_Maple
tree4_m=_Maple medium
tree4_s=_Maple small
tree4_t=_Maple tiny
tree5=_Birch
tree5_m=_Birch medium
tree5_s=_Birch small
tree5_t=_Birch tiny
tree6=_Beech
tree6_m=_Beech medium
tree6_s=_Beech small
tree6_t=_Beech tiny
tree7=_Larch
tree7_m=_Larch medium
tree7_s=_Larch small
tree7_t=_Larch tiny
tree8=_Rowan
tree8_m=_Rowan medium
tree8_s=_Rowan small
tree8_t=_Rowan tiny

[critter bob types]
badger=_Badger
bunny=_Bunny
deer=_Deer
duck=_Duck
elk=_Elk
fox=_Fox
lynx=_Lynx
marten=_Marten
reindeer=_Reindeer
sheep=_Sheep
wisent=_Wisent
wolf=_Wolf
